Reword HTTP advanced BBEs (#3855)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/http-restrict-by-media-type/http_restrict_by_media_type.md

# HTTP service - Restrict by media type

> The content negotiation for the REST API design is achieved via the `consumes` and `produces` configs. The resource accepting request content type is defined under the `consumes` and the resource producing response content type is defined under the `produces` in the resource configuration. Each config is checked against the `Accept` header and the `Content-type` header of the request. If the negotiation fails, the error response is returned with `406 Not Acceptable` or `415 Unsupported` status codes respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The content negotiation for the REST API design is achieved via the `consumes` and `produces` configurations. The resource accepting request content type is defined under the `consumes` and the resource producing response content type is defined under the `produces` in the resource configuration. Each configuration is checked against the `Accept` header and the `Content-type` header of the request. If the negotiation fails, the error response is returned with `406 Not Acceptable` or `415 Unsupported` status codes respectively.
```
